Hello this is our law here.
The second instructor of this course now it is my time to welcome you in this introduction to data science
journal.
So since this is an introduction the best starting point I can give you is actually the starting point
I did when I started my career or when I started my journey in today's science and the starting point
for me was to get two books.
This book here an introduction to statistical learning and the second book The Elements of statistical
learning.
And so these are from the same authors except for one Trevor has the rubber tip Shivani and as you can
see Trevor has the end.
Robert tip she ran.
So these books whatever is your starting point wherever you go wherever is the approach you want to
take into data science.
I highly recommend to have these books because they will help you get the right theory and the right
mathematical concepts behind every algorithm or every model you will implement in your career and in
your projects.
For example if you have a look at our courses maybe you read to them but we make a lot of models in
our courses and perhaps you already know we only explain intuition.
We only expend the intuition and we don't go deep into the math concepts of the models.
But if you have these books not only you will get the right intuition of the models but also you will
get all the mathematical details of them all.
If you look inside this book we see that indeed there are all the mathematics behind linear regression
classification which we cover a lot in our courses but are also decision trees and random forests and
even boosting by the way which we also cover support vector machines.
You have all the math here.
And of course unsupervised learning principal components analysis here PCa and Kamins.
Here it is.
So and that's what the first book.
But then if you go deeper into machine learning deeper green or artificial intelligence whether you
take our courses or some other courses on the Internet well you will see down the second book The Elements
of statistical learning.
You will also find other models.
So here you have other regression models linear regression but also read regression laso which are regularisation
techniques.
And if we go more inside the book you can see that there is also LDK which we cover as well.
Then the fundamental logistic regression just below.
And of course kernel methods as well as Navy base.
And you also have the mathematical details of Caple cross-validation the Bies Varians decomposition
which are fundamental concepts to understand in data science model inference which we also talk about
in our courses and more trees regression trees classification trees boosting and additive trees.
And of course neural networks you know that we also have deep Marine Corps.
But again it doesn't matter whether you take our course or some other courses if you take some of the
deeper courses.
Well this book will also explain not only in details but in an excellent way how the mathematics work
in depth for neural networks.
So here you have neural networks and then you have again support vector machines.
Maybe it's not as well structured as we tried to do in our courses but at least the math are here and
there explained in a great way.
And then you have some more unsupervised learning you know unsupervised ranges when you don't know what
you want to predict.
You don't know what you want to identify and unsupervised learning will identify some clusters or some
segments of data for you and it will categorize the data into these different segments.
So these are the unsupervised learning techniques.
And again it covers the diverse models that are in our courses Association learning.
We have a full section in association rule learning cluster analysis or I guess here there will be some
more Kamins Goshen mixtures which we haven't covered and of course hierarchical clustering.
So that's why our huge mission in course.
But if you go further in our courses you'll see that in the deep learning course we cover self organizing
maps.
And here again you can get the math behind self organizing maps.
All right.
And then you have some more concepts which we haven't covered as I can see.
But if you take other courses I'm sure this will accompany you very well.
All right then last sections of the course.
Some more random forests and Semmel learning you know you understand now why I recommend to buy the
two know the two compliment each other very well and most of all it contains everything you'll need
to go very science then you have and symbol learning if you want to go more into you know gradient boosting
or extra boost and you have a little theory about probabilistic graphical models which are very used
and which we cover also in our deep learning course in the second volume unsupervised deep learning.
Because indeed in the second volume we cover Boseman machines which is a probabilistic graphical model.
And speaking of Boseman machine you can find them here restricted Boseman missions.
So again you have the map behind even if we explained intuition that's always good to have some mathematics
notions behind the algorithm.
All right.
And then some more high dimensional problems where the number of attributes that has number of features
P is much bigger than the number of observations.
And that's also a situation to understand really well and does science well everything is covered here.
So there we go.
These two books the elements of statistical learning which I recommend to see after this one that is
an introduction to statistical learning.
But anyway I recommend to have the two.
There will be some great resources to use any time for any project in your data science career.
So that's my first step even though I showed you here in this tutorial some pretty advanced morals.
I recommend the purchase of these two books to be the first step in your daily science journey.